d1: getting started updates (#8919)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/get-started.md

After installing Wrangler, if you are unauthenticated, you will be directed to a web page asking you to log in to the Cloudflare dashboard. After you have logged in, you will be asked if Wrangler can make changes to your Cloudflare account. Scroll down and select **Allow** to continue.

> ## 2. Create your Workers project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Create your Worker
```
The current flow on the dash is Workers & Pages > Create application (not service) > Create Worker. Docs wording should mirror that flow. We only use 'project' when referring to things conceptually ("Your `my-worker` Worker project") or for Pages projects because we would not be able to say "Create a Pages". But when giving instruction or naming high level titles, we should stick to the dashboard wording for consistency as much as possible.

> {{<Aside type="note">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note" header="New to Workers?">}}
```

> New to Workers? [Learn more about](/workers/learning/how-workers-works/) how Workers serverless execution model works and/or [visit the getting started guide](/workers/get-started/guide/) to setup your first Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [How Workers works](/workers/learning/how-workers-works/) to learn about the Workers serverless execution model works. Go to the [Workers Get started guide](/workers/get-started/guide/) to setup your first Worker.
```
Screenreaders read out like the words in the [], so for accessibility best practice the words in [] should aim to reflect the content or the title of the page as much as possible.

Using npm as package manager.
✨ Created d1-tutorial/wrangler.toml
✨ Initialized git repository at d1-tutorial
✨ Created d1-tutorial/package.json
✨ Created d1-tutorial/tsconfig.json
✨ Created d1-tutorial/src/index.ts
Your project will use Vitest to run your tests.
✨ Created d1-tutorial/src/index.test.ts
```

This will create a new directory (`d1-tutorial`). Your new directory will include a [`wrangler.toml`](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) configuration file which is how your `my-project` Worker will access your D1 database.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

Indicating `-y` will answer affirmatively to all of Wrangler's initialization questions. This will create a `package.json` file, an `index.ts` file instead of a `index.js` file, and Wrangler will also generate a `tsconfig.json` file in the root of your project. It will also create a `fetch` handler instead of a `scheduled` handler.

{{</Aside>}}

## 3. Create a database

A D1 database is conceptually similar to many other databases: a database may contain one or more tables, the ability to query those tables, and optional indexes. D1 uses the familar [SQL query language](https://www.sqlite.org/lang.html) (as used by SQLite).

> To create your first D1 database, change into the directory you just created for your Workers Service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create your first D1 database, change into the directory you just created for your Workers project:
```
I don't think we call them Workers Services any more

```sh
$ cd d1-tutorial
```

Run the following `wrangler d1` command and give your database a name. A good database name is:

* Typically a combination of ASCII characters, shorter than 32 characters, and uses dashes (-) instead of spaces

> * Descriptive of the use-case and environment - e.g. "staging-db-web" or "production-db-backend"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Descriptive of the use-case and environment - for example, "staging-db-web" or "production-db-backend"
```
We don't use latin in docs (no eg, ie) for accessibility and localization ease. Plain English only (for example, such as.

> * Only used for describing the database, and isn't directly referenced in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only used for describing the database, and is not directly referenced in code.
```

```sh
$ wrangler d1 create <DATABASE_NAME>

✅ Successfully created DB '<DATABASE_NAME>'

[[d1_databases]]
binding = "DB" # i.e. available in your Worker on env.DB
database_name = "<DATABASE_NAME>"
database_id = "<unique-ID-for-your-database>"
```

> This will create a new D1 database, and output the [binding](/workers/platform/bindings/) configuratio needed in the next step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will create a new D1 database, and output the [binding](/workers/platform/bindings/) configuration needed in the next step.
```

If you have any feature requests or notice any bugs, share your feedback directly with the Cloudflare team by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.gg/cloudflaredev).

- [Supported Wrangler commands for D1](/workers/wrangler/commands/#d1)

> - Learn how to use the [D1 client API](/d1/platform/client-api/) within your Worker
> - Explore [community projects](/d1/platform/community-projects/) built on D1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn how to use the [D1 client API](/d1/platform/client-api/) within your Worker.
- Explore [community projects built on D1](/d1/platform/community-projects/).
```
